msg
This is a task-tracking program. 
Type any of the following commands to get more information:
e    / exit
h    / help
atg  / add-tag
det  / delete-tag
dit  / display-tags
atk  / add-task
st   / search-tags
sd   / search-dates
std  / search-tags-dates
stxt / search-text
stk  / save-tasks
ltk  / load-tasks

e
Asks user if they would like to save the current tasks to a file, 
saves tasks to a specified file if user chooses to, and exits the program.

h
Opens help menu, displaying a help message. Provides prompt for user to type in 
a specific command and displays info about it. Hitting return key drops out of the help menu.

atg
Adds a new tag to a system that can be used to categorize tasks. 
Displays a prompt to enter a tag name. Hitting return key exits the prompt 
and no tag is saved. One or more tags can be entered. Tag should have no spaces, 
and all letters must be lower-case.

det
Removes specified tag and all its occurrences from the system. All tasks tagged with only this
tag will be marked as "untagged".

dit
Displays list of current tags.

atk
Adds a task, its due date, and all associated tags. If no tags are provided, task will be 
marked as "untagged".

st
Searches system for tasks with given tags. Provides a prompt for the user to enter tags to search. 
Placing keyword AND in frond to a space-separated list of tags will search for tasks containing all 
of the listed tags. Adding OR keyword will search for tasks containing at least one of the listed 
tags. User may use parenthesis to group tags. 
Ex: AND tag1 tag2 tag3 (OR tag4 tag5) tag6
Above expression will search for tasks containing tag1, tag2, tag3, tag6, and tag4 or tag 5. Once 
search is finished, an itemized list of found tasks will be displayed.

sd
Searches system for tasks due on a given date or within a given date rage. Provides a prompt for the
user to enter date or date range to search. Once search is finished, an itemized list of found tasks 
will be displayed.

std
Searches system for tasks with given tags and due on a given date or within given date range. 
Provides a prompt for the user to enter tags and date or date range to search. 
Placing keyword AND in frond to a space-separated list of tags will search for tasks containing all 
of the listed tags. Adding OR keyword will search for tasks containing at least one of the listed 
tags. User may use parenthesis to group tags. 
Ex: AND tag1 tag2 tag3 (OR tag4 tag5) 04/25/2021
Above expression will search for tasks containing tag1, tag2, tag3, and tag4 or tag 5, and which are   
due on 04/25/2021. Once search is finished, an itemized list of found tasks will be displayed.

stxt
Searches system for tasks containing a specified text. Provides a prompt for the
user to enter text to search. Once search is finished, an itemized list of found tasks 
will be displayed.

stk
Saves tasks from a system to a specified file.

ltk
Loads tasks from a specified file into the system.

